Start OK, start.
OK.
All right, welcome everyone.
This is power reader. It's our
hackathon project and we'd like
to walk you through it.
What is this project? The whole
premise of this solution is
answering this question. Why
would you want to watch a 30
minute video when you can just
read through it quicker?
Power reader is an
innovative AI solution that
correlate's your
transcriptions with your
PowerPoint slides so you
have a single document that
captures what was spoken in
a remote meeting.
There are many benefits to why
power reader can be useful for
you or your teammates.
First of all, it is easy to use.
You simply upload your video and
you receive a document that you
can use to read through. It
embraces 1 Microsoft.
It uses the goodness from
Microsoft 365 and Azure.
2/3 of the Microsoft Cloud.
If you're interested, you can
check out our hack box will
provide the link to you soon.
Thank you.
OK.